add migration guide to rum browser sdk v6 (#27022)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/guide/browser-sdk-upgrade.md

Follow this guide to migrate between major versions of the Browser RUM and Browser Logs SDKs. See [the SDK documentation][26] for details on its features and capabilities.

## From v5 to v6

V6's main improvement is the bundle size reduction. By dropping support for IE11 and leveraging lazy loading, we have been able to reduce the size of the the rum bunlde by 10% and the logs bundle by almost 9%.
Aditionally we've changed a few default initialization parameters and prepared for future improvements.

Take notice of the below breaking changes as you upgrade your SDK.

### Breaking changes

#### Browser support
We removed support for IE11 and other older browsers. We now require at least support for ES2018.

> If you still wish to use datadog on older browsers, you can keep using browser SDK v5 or earlier.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
If you still wish to use Datadog on older browsers, you can keep using Browser SDK v5 or earlier.
```

#### Add tracestate header when using tracecontext propagator

> We have added a new tracing header, if you are using the `tracecontext` propagator (default), then you need to allow this new header for all urls using it:
> 
> ```
> Access-Control-Allow-Headers: tracestate

Reviewer: I wonder if it would make sense to document more clearly that you need _both_ the `traceparent` and `tracestate` headers. I worry that someone unfamiliar with `tracecontext` might read this and think that we switched from `traceparent` to `tracestate`. Here's a strawperson alternative:
````suggestion
The default `tracecontext` propagator now sends a new `tracestate` header with additional metadata that allows better attribution of your traces. If you are using this propagator, then you need to allow this new header for all traced endpoints, in addition to the existing `traceparent` header:

```
Access-Control-Allow-Headers: traceparent, tracestate
```
````

```

#### Strongly type `site` option

> The `site` option now has a stronger type definition. If you use typescript you might have an error if you use a non-standard value. We recommend using [proxy][27] to send RUM data on a non standard url.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
The `site` option now has a stronger type definition. If you use TypeScript you might have an error if you use a non-standard value. We recommend using [proxy][27] to send RUM data to a nonstandard URL.
```

#### Increased cookies expiration date
To support anonymous user tracking, the session cookie (`_dd_s`) expiration is extended to 1 year. To opt-out, set `trackAnonymousUser` [initialization parameters][28] to `false`.

#### Removed useCrossSiteSessionCookie initialization parameter
This parameter was deprecated and is now unsupported, use `usePartitionedCrossSiteSessionCookie` [initialization parameters][28] instead.

#### Lazy load session replay
TODO

#### Do not inject trace context for non sampled traces.
We changed the default value for `traceContextInjection` initialization parameter to `sampled` to ensure the backend services' sampling decisions are still applied when traces are not sampled in the browser SDK. See: [Connect Rum and Traces documentation][29]

Note: If you're using a `traceSampleRate` of 100% (default), this change will not have any impact for you.

### Future breaking changes

#### Enabling compression for Datadog intake requests
We plan to enable compression for Datadog intake requests by default in a future major version. However we recommend opt-in compression already via the `compressIntakeRequest` [initialization parameters][28].

> Because the compression is done in a Worker thread. you will need to configure your Content Security Policy, see [CSP guidelines][18] for more information.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Because the compression is done in a Worker thread. you will need to configure your Content Security Policy; see [CSP guidelines][18] for more information.
```

Follow this guide to migrate between major versions of the Browser RUM and Browser Logs SDKs. See [the SDK documentation][26] for details on its features and capabilities.

## From v5 to v6

> V6's main improvement is the bundle size reduction. By dropping support for IE11 and leveraging lazy loading, the size of the RUM bundle has been reduced by 10% and the Logs bundle by nearly 9%.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main improvement V6 offers is the bundle size reduction. By dropping support for IE11 and leveraging lazy loading, the size of the RUM bundle has been reduced by 10% and the Logs bundle by nearly 9%.
```

> The main improvement V6 offers is the bundle size reduction. By dropping support for IE11 and leveraging lazy loading, the size of the RUM bundle has been reduced by 10% and the Logs bundle by nearly 9%.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main improvement v6 offers is the bundle size reduction. By dropping support for IE11 and leveraging lazy loading, the size of the RUM bundle has been reduced by 10% and the Logs bundle by nearly 9%.
```

> Additionally we've changed a few default initialization parameters and prepared for future improvements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, we've changed a few default initialization parameters and prepared for future improvements.
```

User interactions, resources, and long tasks are now tracked by default. This change does not impact billing. To opt-out, set `trackUserInteractions`, `trackResources`, and `trackLongTasks`  [initialization parameters][28] to `false`.

#### Collect Long Animation Frames as Long Tasks

On supported Browsers, [Long Animation Frames][35] are now collected instead of Long Tasks. The event type in the RUM Explorer is still `long_task`, but they will contain information about the long animation frame.

#### Increased cookies expiration date

To support anonymous user tracking, the session cookie (`_dd_s`) expiration is extended to 1 year. To opt-out, set `trackAnonymousUser` [initialization parameters][28] to `false`.

#### Removed useCrossSiteSessionCookie initialization parameter

`useCrossSiteSessionCookie` was deprecated and is now unsupported. Use `usePartitionedCrossSiteSessionCookie` [initialization parameters][28] instead.

#### Lazy load Session Replay

Session Replay module is now lazy-loaded using [dynamic imports][30]. This loads the module only for sessions sampled for Session Replay, reducing the bundle size for others.

> **If you're using the SDK via NPM**, ensure your bundler supports dynamic imports. Most modern bundlers support this feature out of the box, but some may require configuration changes. Refer to your bundler's documentation for guidance: [Webpack][31], [Esbuild][32], [Rollup][33], [Parcel][34].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**If you're using the SDK through NPM**, ensure your bundler supports dynamic imports. Most modern bundlers support this feature out of the box, but some may require configuration changes. Refer to your bundler's documentation for guidance: [Webpack][31], [Esbuild][32], [Rollup][33], [Parcel][34].
```

> **If you're using the SDK via a CDN**, there are no breaking changes. However, note that in addition to the main script being loaded (e.g.,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**If you're using the SDK through a CDN**, there are no breaking changes. However, note that in addition to the main script being loaded (for example, 
```

> `datadog-rum.js`), the SDK will dynamically load an additional chunk when needed: (e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`datadog-rum.js`), the SDK will dynamically load an additional chunk when needed (for example, 
```

`recorder-d7628536637b074ddc3b-datadog-rum.js`).

> #### Do not inject trace context for non sampled traces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Do not inject trace context for non-sampled traces
```

> The default value for the `traceContextInjection` initialization parameter has been updated to `sampled` to ensure backend services' sampling decisions are applied when traces are not sampled in the Browser SDK. See: [Connect Rum and Traces documentation][29]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default value for the `traceContextInjection` initialization parameter has been updated to `sampled` to ensure backend services' sampling decisions are applied when traces are not sampled in the Browser SDK. See the [Connect RUM and Traces documentation][29] for more information.
```

> Note: If you're using a `traceSampleRate` of 100% (default), this change will not have any impact for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you're using a `traceSampleRate` of 100% (default), this change does not have any impact for you.
```

### Future breaking changes

#### Enabling compression for Datadog intake requests

Compression for Datadog intake requests will be enabled by default in a future major version.

> It is recommended to opt-in to compression now using the `compressIntakeRequest` [initialization parameter][28].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends that you opt-in to compression now using the `compressIntakeRequest` [initialization parameter][28].
```

> Since compression is performed in a Worker thread, configuring the Content Security Policy is necessary. See [CSP guidelines][18] for more information.

Reviewer 3: **👏 praise:** ‏love it!
